hi this is Brenda again and we're
working on our Christmas ornaments made
out of cinnamon and apple sauce we have
been mixing and mixing and this is
becoming a dough like substance and it's
just about ready to be put out so that
we can begin cutting it with our cookie
cutters so we keep mixing it and mixing
it and it will come out to look like
this smells very good by the way while
you're working with it so you'll enjoy
this project and so will children so
what we do with press it out I get a
glass to use as my rolling pin roll it
out just a little ways like that I
decide on which cookie cutter that I
want to use I think it's going to be the
Christmas tree for this one I press into
it and by the way the dough is about
half an inch to fourth an inch thick so
press into it and it's just like working
with cookie dough only we must remember
again that this is not edible so if
you're working with children you have to
stress to them that this is not an
edible item even though it does smell
very good can't eat this so we'll press
it out like so
it almost looks like a brownie
there we go then we use our straw
we press a hole into the to the ornament
so that we'll have something that we
will later be able to put a ribbon
through and hang it either from the
window or on our Christmas tree so this
is what it looks like and it's a little
bit fragile so you do have to kind of be
careful as you're working with it then
it doesn't crumble now it's ready to go
into the cookie pan cook you're paying
breathe just a little bit like this if
you don't want to put it in the oven you
can just leave it out for a few days
just let it air dry does take several
days for it to become hardened but if
it's a project that you you know are
working with children and they want to
see the finished results soon you may
want to put it in the oven 225 for about
an hour hour and a half and it will
become hardened just like a cookie like
this